(horns honking. siren wailing)
WOMAN:
Take care. Gavin.
Yeah. let's make sure
that champagne is ice-cold.
What's your address again?
Hey. Gavin. You got a pen?
Thank you.
(chuckles)
All right.
Okay. we'll see
you then. Okay.
You're planning a celebration
for this verdict?
Yeah. My client's very happy.
(chuckles)
Please.
Your case has been
on life support since the jump.
and then I just beat it to death
with my closing argument.
(chuckles)
Gavin. I wouldn't be so quick
to call time of death.
especially if you knew what
my mirror jury was thinking.
I don't put much stock
in fake juries.
The only thing that matters is
what the real jury has to say.
My fake juries are always on
the money. and I'm telling you.
there are pitchforks and
torches over this one.
Sell it
somewhere else. Bull.
MIRROR JUROR:
Why is this even a discussion?
They're evil sons of bitches.
We should burn that place
to the ground.
What... What is that?
It's my mirror jury.
You want to hear some more?
No.
Fine. Just show me.
Corporations
will never stop hurting people
until we make them hurt.
We should give that poor family
$10 million. No.
More.
Pitchforks and torches.
$10 million?
I mean. that's ridiculous.
Your client only asked for five.
What can I tell you?
Outrage is contagious.
("Crazy Little Thing
Called Love" by Queen playing)
(cheering)
♪ This thing called love ♪
♪ I just can't handle it ♪
♪ I must ♪
Get around.
♪ Get 'round to it ♪
♪ I ain't ready ♪
Hey.
♪ Crazy little thing
called love ♪
(mutters)
♪ There goes my baby... ♪
Should've held out
for $7 million.
$7 million?!
I can't even believe
we got $6 million.
We were gonna lose.
It defies reason.
Yeah. our mirror jury
totally went for the other side.
There was only one juror
who bought what we were selling.
Yeah. thank God
for juror number five.
(chuckles) Couldn't convince
the rest of the jury
about anything. but...
Luckily. that blowhard
bought it hook. line and sinker.
(laughs)
I really didn't like
that guy.
Really? Really?
You never said.
I could never pull off
a bluff like that.
My Padawan learner.
the key
to any successful negotiation
is never let them see the fear
in your eyes.
(laughs)
Of course.
that's a lot easier to do when
you got nothing left to lose.
Big finish now.
♪ Crazy little thing
called love. ♪
Yeah!
(cheering and applause)
(Izzy whoops)
Thank you!
(whooping)
Tip your waitress!
Marissa Morgan. everybody.
Chester Palmer.
(chuckles)
(laughs) Thank you.
EMCEE: Give it up
for Chester and Marissa!
Hey.
I think you have
a secret admirer.
He's totally
checking you out.
I think he's checking you out.
What?
Someone's a little rusty.
What you talking about?
Mm-hmm-hmm.
(Chunk chuckles)
EMCEE:
All right. next up.
we have Bianca from Queens
singing
the classic
"Achy Breaky Heart."
(applause)
Oh. my God. this is
Bianca's third song.
I don't know if I can do it.
(sighs)
I've got to head home.
Oh. Come on. stay
for another drink.
Oh. I wish I could. but I have
to relieve my babysitter.
You put on lipstick.
Yeah. so?
Nobody puts on lipstick
to go relieve the babysitter.
Unless the babysitter
is your ex-husband.
Oh. busted!
(chuckles)
I thought that was
in the rearview.
(scoffs)
IZZY:
Oh.
All right.
I plead the Fifth.
(Izzy chuckles)
IZZY:
All right.
MARISSA: Oh.
Hey. you better not be leaving.
IZZY:
All right.
We haven't been out like this
in ages.
Oh.
No. where you going?
Sit down. Stay.
Okay. okay! One more.
(all cheer)
One more.
IZZY:
One.
TAYLOR:
Oh. you guys were
great. by the way.
(chuckles) Only wish
that Benny could be here.
His Kenny Loggins
is the best.
Benny is blissfully happy
in Rome
singing "Mi Amore"
to his Italian bride. Okay?
Like Kenny Loggins.
DANNY: Oh. I still
can't believe he moved
halfway around the world
for somebody he'd only known
for a month!
True love won't be denied.
To Benny Colón and his bride.
(Chunk chuckles)
Saluti!
Hey! Salute!
ALL:
Salute!
I mean. the other
guys are pretty good.
I'll give it to them.
But I think you and I
could knock them out with
a little Peaches & Herb.
(chuckles)
Yeah. sure. buddy.
♪ Reunited ♪
♪ 'Cause it's understood ♪
♪ Reunited. ♪
What?
Yeah. We'd take the house
right to the floor.
Okay. Mm-hmm.
No?
Mm.
I'm sorry I invited
everyone on our date night.
No.
I know it was kind of. uh...
I'm glad you did.
Fridays is our thing. and...
No. it was fun.
And I'm really happy
I was there
to celebrate your big win.
Really.
But...?
Oh. Lord.
Do I have to find a couch
to lie down on now?
Well. if you don't want to talk.
I'll just keep singing.
(sighs. chuckles)
Okay. fine.
(sighs)
Oh. I just miss
having a victory of my own
to celebrate.
I-I love our daughter.
(chuckles)
I do. She's... I mean.
she's the best thing
I've ever done.
But my whole purpose in life
can't be to make conversation
with a two-year-old.
(exhales) Does that make
me a terrible mother?
No. it makes you
a real mother.
But if you want
to go back to work.
I think
that's amazing. too.
And I cannot imagine
a better role model
for Astrid
than Isabella Colón
at the top of her game.
Oh. wait. so...
are you saying I'm not at
the top of my game now?
Is that what you're saying?
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Don't put words in my mouth.
Mm-hmm.
Although. I'll say
whatever you want me to say.
Mm.
♪ Reunited ♪
♪ And it feels so good ♪
♪ Reunited... ♪
(door opens)
(phone ringing)
Oh! Oh. my God. that
better not wake up Astrid.
No. it's not mine.
Mine's right here.
Yeah.
(groans)
It must be Tiffany's.
No. no. no.
Okay. get-get Tiffany
and her irritating phone
out of here. Thank you.
Okay.
All right. I'll pay her.
and then just make me a drink.
I'll meet you there in ten.
Five.
IZZY:
Oh. God. is she ever
gonna turn that off?
(door opens)
Jason!
(muffled crying)
(Izzy panting)
Where's Astrid?
I don't know.
Ow!
(Tiffany gasping)
No. no. no. no. no.
What's going on?
(crying)
He took her. He had a gun.
He had a gun.
Who? Who took her?
It was a man? He was alone?
Who took her?
I don't know.
(phone ringing)
You have to answer.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Where's my daughter?
MAN: (distorted)
If you ever want to see
your daughter again.
you'll pay $1 million
by 7:00 a.m.
Oh. my God.
Okay. All right.
I'll do whatever you want.
Just... Just...
Tell me where to go.
Later. For now.
you just need to know this.
If you don't pay every penny.
your daughter dies.
If you call
the police. she's dead.
Don't test me.
(breathing shakily)
(line disconnects)
♪ ♪
(high-pitched ringing)
(echoing)
You know someone high up
at NYPD. right?
Or should we bring in the FBI?
Jason.
(normal voice)
Jason!
(ringing stops)
No. No!
We are not calling the police.
Astrid is gone!
He said no police!
They could be
watching. okay?
We don't want them
to do anything stupid.
But we need to save her.
We know two things.
Know two things. Listen to me.
We need to find her.
Two things. We know
that they want money.
and we can get money.
And we also know
if we call the police.
they said
that they would kill Astrid.
The math is simple.
No police.
(breathing heavily)
Okay.
All right. Come here.
If you can't handle it.
just say so.
I will find someone who can.
CHUNK:
So.
who knew that you babysit
for the Bulls
every Friday night?
I don't know. I don't know.
Your boyfriend or roommates?
No. I-I don't... I
don't have a boyfriend.
I live with my parents.
Nobody I know would take Astrid.
It was the food delivery guy.
I already told you.
Okay.
But how would the kidnapper know
you were gonna be ordering food?
I don't know.
I-I don't know. The...
I order food
every time I babysit.
The-the Bulls.
th-they pay for it.
Th-They tell me to do it.
MARISSA:
Bull?
(crying) Oh. my God.
why did I open the door?
Well. I... (exhales)
I've secured the money.
Excellent.
I have a contact
who's high up at a Swiss bank.
He understands
that you don't want to raise
any red flags.
Right.
His colleague in New York
will have the cash here
in a couple hours.
but you will have to put
your apartment up as collateral.
Yeah. that's fine. You know
I'll sign anything.
(exhales)
What-what are you doing?
You know. it's just...
...been bothering me. What if
this isn't about the money?
I mean. it's like...
Why us?
There's so many families
in New York
that would drop ten
or $20 million
without even breaking a sweat.
Why us?
I made a lot of enemies
since I started TAC.
You think this is because
of something you did?
I'll create an algorithm
to sort through past cases.
identify
the most likely suspects.
Thank you.
(sighs)
I'm-I'm so sorry
if this is my fault.
No.
We don't have time for this.
We don't have time to lay blame.
Just-just figure out
who has our baby.
(exhales)
I'm so sorry. I'm so. so sorry.
My ringer was off. I came
as soon as I saw your message.
You're here.
That's all that matters.
We got a lot of work to do.
Are we really doing this?
Bull's not calling
the police?
Is he okay?
I mean. of course.
he's not. I just...
Are we sure
we're making the right call?
Because
if someone took Mauricio.
I wouldn't be able
to think straight.
Bull thinks
this is related to TAC.
We know our cases
better than anyone.
We...
TAYLOR:
Izzy.
I'm so sorry.
I can't even imagine what
you're going through.
If there's anything
I can do. anything...
IZZY: Thank you.
Danny is sending
some security footage
from the apartment building.
It's a clip of
the deliveryman
who took Astrid.
Play it for me.
We haven't seen it yet. Maybe...
Just play it. Please.
That can't be him.
He doesn't have Astrid.
Where's-where's Astrid?
I... think she's in the bag.
(crying)
But she can't breathe in there.
Oh. my God.
I'm sure she can breathe.
IZZY:
She's dead. isn't she?
No. she's still alive.
I'm sure she's still alive.
IZZY:
She's dead.
Okay. just forget about
the bag. Izzy. Izzy?
She's dead.
Okay. look at that man.
We need you. Astrid
needs you to focus on him.
(sobbing) She's dead.
Just look-look closely.
Do you recognize him? Have you
seen him anywhere before?
No. I've never seen...
I can't even see his face.
I don't know who that is.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
Danny's still on this.
She is hitting every building
on your block.
She's checking
their exterior cameras.
My baby.
We will find this man.
Okay?
Okay.
TIFFANY:
Duct tape around my mouth.
Around your mouth
and your shoulders.
TIFFANY:
Around my waist.
CHUNK:
Okay.
I have been over her story
forward.
sideways and all around.
She wasn't in on this.
I'm sure of it.
Does she remember any other
details about the kidnapper?
Other than he was
carrying a gun?
Nothing.
Look. she's really shaken up.
I don't think we're gonna get
much more out of her.
Wait a second.
Does anybody have
anything lavender-scented?
I don't know. Maybe. Why?
Astrid's room
smells like lavender.
I tried to kick him.
but he tied my legs up. too.
Right. And. so. when
he was tying you up.
did you get a look at his face?
Did you see his eyes?
What color they were. maybe?
No. I c...
I-I can't... I can't see them.
(crying)
I can't remember.
It's okay.
I just need you
to breathe in the lavender
and just relax.
Put yourself there.
I-I can see his hat.
It's black. but it's faded.
Almost gray.
Anything else?
I was screaming. I think.
Okay.
So he put something in my mouth.
(sniffles)
And...
Then he picked up Astrid. and...
she was crying so hard.
And I'm-I'm so sorry.
I tried to tell her
that it was gonna be okay.
but I couldn't.
Oh. no. no.
I couldn't. I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's okay. Tiffany.
you're doing a great job here.
Okay? And you didn't do
anything wrong.
This is not your fault.
I just need you to remember
as much as you can.
So. you couldn't see his face.
Did you hear his...
Did you hear his voice?
Did... did you hear what
his voice sounded like. maybe?
Like. uh. was there an accent?
(sniffles)
No. I don't think so.
So you're there.
And he's taking Astrid.
She was crying.
Did he say anything to her?
Did he try and shush her
or quiet her down?
No. No. He didn't say
anything to her.
Not that I can remember.
He just took her and left?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Mm. no.
Before he walked out.
he said something.
(sniffles)
"Tell Dr. Jason to answer
the phone when I call."
He said Dr. Jason?
He didn't say Dr. Bull?
Yeah.
MARISSA:
She remembered something?
What did she say?
Well. the kidnapper
called me Dr. Jason.
Before we started TAC. I worked
at this juvenile clinic.
The kids called me Dr. Jason.
I dealt with maybe
a hundred teenagers.
some of them were
pretty tough cases.
Where would my psych files be?
Try over there.
What do you mean
by "tough cases"?
Well. I dealt with some severe
psychiatric disorders.
Here we go.
The kidnapper's file
should be in this box.
And you're telling me that
there's a good chance
that he's mentally...
Disturbed. Yeah.
(crying)
No!
Shut up!
(crying continues)
Hey. man! Open up!
It's an emergency!
I need your help!
We're closed!
It's...
It's an emergency.
I need your help.
Cerrado hoy.
I just need to look at
your security camera.
Go home!
I'm not trying to
buy chips or a beer.
Oh!
(alarm blaring)
Are you crazy?!
I'm calling the cops!
Listen. man. don't call
the cops. No cops.
Look. I've got $10.000
in my back pocket.
I'm just gonna get it.
Don't try anything!
Look. it should
more than cover
the cost of the door.
I just need to look
at the security footage
of your outside camera here.
all right?
Right now.
Thank you.
I can't tell you how much
we appreciate this.
You're welcome.
I really hope it works out.
The babysitter finally
fell asleep.
Poor thing.
Yeah.
We've got the ransom.
Great.
That's something at least.
Did the banker count it all out
in front of you?
No. but I'm sure it's all...
Okay.
We can't be one penny short.
I got it.
Thanks. Chunk.
Bingo.
I found Dimitri Zubakin.
Is this the guy who took
a baseball bat to Bull's car?
Yep. Looks like he moved back
to Russia about five years ago.
Any activity on his passport
since then?
Nope. Looks like
he's stayed put.
(sighs)
Why hasn't he called yet?
He wants his money.
He will call.
BULL:
Wait.
Simon Werth.
His mother brought
him to the clinic
because he was depressed.
and he was getting bullied.
He developed an obsessive
revenge fantasy
against his tormentors.
Did he act on it?
He did. in a way.
He told me that
he bought a knife.
He said he was gonna use it.
So I had to contact
the authorities.
The police went to see him.
he pulled it on them.
No one was hurt but...
he was arrested.
They sent him to jail.
but he could be out by now.
And this is the man that you
think might have Astrid?
No. I'm looking at his
prison records right now.
Simon Werth was found
unresponsive in his cell
during that heat wave
this summer. He's dead.
Um. do you want some coffee?
Hey. why don't.
why don't you take a seat.
I'll make us some coffee
if you want...
No!
Everybody has something to do.
Everyone is trying to find
my daughter.
A-And... (sighs)
I'm so grateful. but just...
I need something to do.
Just please.
let me make the damn coffee.
TAYLOR:
Danny found footage
of the kidnapper's car.
MARISSA:
There's someone
in the driver's seat.
So now we're dealing
with two kidnappers.
Okay. Taylor.
can you...
On it.
(keys clacking)
That SUV was reported stolen
three days ago.
Damn it.
Another dead end.
(phone rings)
Hello.
MAN: (distorted)
Do you have the money?
Yes. I have the money.
The million dollars.
just like you asked for.
Tell me where to go.
You'll receive further
instructions
once you're on the road.
Remember. no police.
(line disconnects)
IZZY:
I don't like this.
I don't like you going
out there alone.
BULL:
Danny's following me.
Taylor's
got trackers in my watch.
on my phone...
Danny's one person.
I want an army.
I want helicopters in the sky.
We can't do that.
We don't want to tip them off.
If we panic. they panic.
We stick to the plan.
There is no plan. Jason.
There's no plan.
I went along with this
because I thought your team
would figure out
who took Astrid and have
some kind of special insight
in getting her back. But-but you
don't know who these people are.
You don't know where they are.
You know nothing.
Listen. I don't know who they
are. but we know they did this
to get to me. And I...
I'm the one who has to fix it.
You always say the best
way to win a negotiation
is to never let them see
the fear in your eyes.
Well. I can see the fear
in your eyes. Jason.
And this time. we have
everything to lose.
I got to go.
Please! She's my
daughter. too.
If anything
happens. I'll...
You'll never forgive me.
I know.
...never forgive myself!
For-for not calling the police.
For not just... sc-screaming
and fighting and kicking
and just doing everything
I can to get my daughter back.
I promise you. I'm gonna get
our daughter back.
(sighs)
MAN: (distorted)
Take a right at the next light.
Just stay straight
until I tell you.
Do you think they're
sending him to the Bronx?
Could be. Or Queens.
Pull into the storage facility
on your right.
Is this it?
(tires squeal)
(car door opens and closes)
The door is unlocked.
Go down the first hall.
Make a right.
Then a left.
Look for Unit B1073.
Go inside
and close the door behind you.
What is this?
Where's my daughter?
You'll see your daughter
when you've followed
all of my directions.
Now...
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
I followed your directions.
Now where is my daughter?
I need to know she's okay.
It's hell
when someone takes your child
from you.
isn't it?
Yes. it is.
(phone ringing)
Answer the other phone.
You'll get
more instructions then.
Okay. wait. Just wait.
(exhales)
Listen. Are you listening to me?
There's a mother.
Think of the mother.
I think he's trying
to establish a connection.
Shh. shh.
shh. shh.
(line disconnects)
(phone continues ringing)
(sighs)
Yes.
MAN: (distorted)
Do not say another word.
Transfer the money
to the duffel bag.
Remove all your clothes.
your watch. everything.
and change into the clothes
on the table.
Don't even think
about leaving something on.
I've got eyes on you.
What?
Why can't we hear him anymore?
(keys clacking)
TAYLOR:
There's another phone.
I don't have access to it.
Oh. no. I just lost
Bull's heart rate
from his smartwatch.
I'm going in.
Yeah. Bull's gone.
Well. he must've gone
out the back somehow.
We lost Bull.
I've got no way
to track him now.
I think it might be time
to call the police.
Hold on.
I-I think he was trying
to tell us something.
CHUNK: Bull?
MARISSA:
Yes. I think he was trying
to send us a message.
Uh. rewind the audio
to right before Bull
got off the first phone.
BULL:
Okay. wait. (exhales)
Listen. Are you listening to me?
There's a mother.
Think of the mother.
There. that.
"Think of the mother."
He didn't say
"think of her mother"
or "think
of Astrid's mother."
He said
"think of the mother."
It's a strange way to say that.
don't you think?
The kidnapper said it's hell
when someone takes your child.
as if they know that pain
themselves.
I-I think Bull picked up
on that. wanted us
to pick up on it. too.
CHUNK: You think
this is someone's mother?
It was a man who took Astrid.
MARISSA:
Yes.
But someone drove
the getaway car.
That could have
been a woman.
Bull mentioned a patient's
mother earlier tonight.
The guy who died in prison.
The one who wanted
to get revenge
on his bully. Bull said
that his mother checked him in
for treatment.
This guy. Simon Werth.
I mean. you said he died
just a few months ago.
Maybe that triggered this.
Maybe his mother
blames Bull for the loss
of her child. so she
took his.
You know. that-that fits.
You need to find out everything
that you can about this woman.
So that's it?
We're sticking with no police?
(sighs)
I don't know.
(exhales)
No. No.
Jason said he was the only one
who could fix this.
and he's the one
who figured out who has Astrid.
I believe in him.
No police.
MAN: (distorted)
Don't even think
about trying to contact anyone.
Don't worry.
I will do
every single thing you ask.
This is your show.
You are in control.
Whatever you want.
Stop trying to manipulate me
with your psychological crap.
Just shut up and drive.
Sheryl Werth's entire
social media presence is like
a shrine to Simon. and
ever since his death.
it's gotten
increasingly bitter.
Any idea who
the second kidnapper could be?
TAYLOR:
Hang on a second. Well.
she's got another
son named Tristan.
And he matches
the physical profile
of the delivery guy.
TAYLOR:
And it looks
like he's been unemployed
for several months
since the distribution warehouse
where he worked shut down.
Could be desperate
for money.
Well. any idea
where they're keeping my baby?
Uh. maybe one
of their homes?
They live together. actually.
in Meyer Garden Apartments.
It's eight towers of
12-story buildings
in the Bronx.
That's a huge complex.
I don't think
that they'd bring Astrid there.
Too many eyeballs.
Too big a risk.
And it's clear across
town from that storage facility.
Well. keep digging.
You have to find something.
(keys clacking)
(shuts off engine)
(sirens wailing in distance)
(car door closes)
(dog barking in distance)
(water dripping)
Hello?
WOMAN:
Stop right there.
MAN:
Give me the cash.
Not until I see my daughter.
Where is she?
You'll get your kid back once
we know the money's all here.
It's all there.
You want me to
count it for you?
He knows
how to count!
(keys clacking)
Damn it.
(sighs)
You okay?
(crying)
No.
I have no idea where the Werths
are keeping Astrid.
There's no credit card charges
at a motel.
I've tried to ping their phones.
but they're both turned off.
It's one dead end
after another.
just like that stolen SUV.
Hey. you'll find something.
You always do.
What if I don't?
There's-there's no time.
and I keep running into walls.
And-and I just... I-I feel
like I can't think straight.
and I'm paralyzed.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
And I just keep thinking
about that poor little girl.
Okay.
Maybe terrified.
Stop.
Or maybe hurt. Maybe...
(sighs)
You need to take a break.
What? No. I can't take a break.
Not while Astrid's
still missing.
Bull. too.
I need to find them.
You need to take a minute.
You're no good to them
the way you are right now.
I can feel the panic
coursing through your veins.
(inhales deeply)
(sighs)
MAURICIO:
I'm going to see the sharks
first. then the giant turtles.
You and Daddy
are gonna have so much fun
at the aquarium today.
Will you count
how many fish you see
and then tell me tonight?
Count the fish?
Mommy. there's too many.
Are you still there?
I have to go. sweetheart.
But I love you so much.
You know that. right?
Love you. too.
(Astrid sobbing)
Hey.
Hey. Sweetie.
Hi. baby. Hey.
How are you?
It's Daddy. You're okay.
Lookit. Hi.
Hey.
it's okay.
Hi. sweetie. Thank you.
Give me the car keys.
It's okay. It's okay.
Here you go.
We're taking both cars.
You need to wait here
for at least an hour
before you leave.
I understand.
Come on.
(exhales deeply)
C-Come on. Let's go.
What are you doing?
I bet
you don't even remember
who I am.
What you did to my family.
I know who you are.
You brought
your son Simon to me.
And he was hurting.
and I wanted to help him.
And I tried to reach him.
I really did.
But I failed.
I know I failed.
And he's dead.
And I'm very sorry.
Yeah.
we'll see how sorry you are
when you lose your child.
(Astrid sobs)
(Bull sighs)
Please don't hurt her.
Do anything you want with me.
but look at her.
She's just a little...
Mom. Mom.
(breathing shakily)
Don't do this.
We said no one
would get hurt.
(crying)
I'm sorry. Tristan.
I thought the money
would be enough.
But it's not.
Just go. Go! Now.
Get out of here!
Go now!
BULL:
Let Tristan take her.
I know you want to
avenge your son's death.
but killing a little girl
is not gonna
bring Simon back.
You don't want to do that.
You don't know what I want.
BULL:
You want what's
best for Tristan.
And if you harm
this little girl.
his life is over. and I
know you don't want that.
So let him take her. okay?
He's got the money.
He can have a life.
A life that
Simon never got.
No. Mom. don't do this.
Just come with me.
(Astrid crying)
Just go and take the girl.
Just get out of here.
Just go now. Just go.
TRISTAN:
Mom. I can't do this alone.
Go now!
TRISTAN:
I can't do this alone.
BULL:
Yes. you can.
Look at me. Look at me.
You can do it. Come
on. Here she comes.
(Astrid sobbing)
There you go. Take her
to a fire station.
Look at me. You take
her to a fire station.
and you leave a note
for Isabella Colón.
Okay? You can do this.
I saw you give her the bunny.
You don't want to hurt her.
Okay? Go. Go.
Yes!
What is it?
Danny. I think I've got
a possible location.
Where?
TAYLOR:
I'm texting you an address.
It's north of where
you are. Just about
four minutes away.
I'm on my way.
(tires squealing)
How'd you get that?
(sighs)
A few years ago.
my brother-in-law
was worried his car
was gonna get repossessed.
so he started parking it
at his buddy's house.
But the repo company
found it anyway.
They have these camera cars
constantly trolling the city.
taking pictures of plates
that go into a database.
And you hacked it?
Yeah.
And that gray SUV
was photographed twice
since it was stolen. both times
right in front of the warehouse
where Tristan Werth
used to work.
Good job.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
(sighs)
I know you're a good person.
When I was working
with Simon.
I saw how much he loved you
and how much you loved him and
how much you wanted to help him.
You don't really want
to hurt anybody.
Shut up. Just shut up!
Shut up
and turn around.
Okay.
And get down on your knees.
Simon was a good person.
You should've
let me handle it.
You didn't have to call
the police.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
MAN:
Is this Isabella Colón?
Yes. Yes.
We have your daughter
at our fire station.
Someone left her outside
with a note.
(crying)
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
(sniffles)
It's a fireman.
He has Astrid. She's safe.
And-and-and
what about my husband?
Do you know anything
about my husband?
(engine shuts off)
Taylor. I'm at the warehouse.
but I don't see
a gray SUV anywhere.
Just a blue sedan.
He's here.
(Sheryl breathing shakily)
(whispers)
This is for Simon.
You know what I remember
about Simon?
He told me
you took him
to an amusement park
for his 12th birthday.
Right? It was his 12th birthday.
And he knew you were
afraid of heights.
but he said that
you took him
on this massive roller coaster
anyway.
And he knew how scared you were.
And he thought that was so cool
that you would...
face your fears like that.
For him.
What was that book
that you read him every night?
He talked about it.
(sighs)
I can't remember the title.
I'm sure you remember.
The Church Mice.
(exhales)
That was his favorite
book. And he loved
that book.
and he loved
that you read him that book
every...
Drop your weapon!
Hands in the air!
No! No. stop it!
I said drop!
Don't shoot. Danny!
I said drop your weapon.
BULL:
Don't shoot! I've got this.
Don't shoot!
SHERYL:
Stay back! Stay back!
Everything's gonna be okay.
(whispering)
Everything's gonna be all right.
Everything's gonna
be all right.
Please.
(panting)
(normal voice)
You know what happened
right before I got here?
My wife told me
that she'd never forgive herself
if she didn't do
every single thing she could
to save our daughter.
And that's all you're doing
right now.
That's it.
You want to do
every single thing you can
to avenge Simon.
But you don't have to.
He knew how much you loved him.
No matter how much
he was hurting.
he knew.
You don't...
you don't have
anything left to prove.
(exhales)
(Sheryl sobbing)
Oh. no. God!
No! No!
(sirens wailing)
It's okay.
(indistinct chatter over radio)
(siren chirps)
(Bull sighs)
STALLARD:
Hey. Bull. You okay?
Hey. Yeah. I'm good. Thanks.
Uh... Did you get
everything you need?
I'm sure I'll have
more questions
later for you and your wife.
I'll be in touch.
All right.
(exhales)
DANNY:
Just so you know.
um. I expect a big-time bonus
for saving your life.
I kind of remember
saving my own life.
Please.
My gun beats
your psychobabble any day.
(scoffs)
Agree to disagree.
Hey.
Thank you.
♪ Called love ♪
♪ I just ♪
♪ Can't handle it ♪
♪ This thing ♪
♪ Called love ♪
♪ I must... ♪
(panting)
Thank you
so much.
♪ I ain't ready ♪
♪ Crazy little thing
called love ♪
(elevator bell chimes)
♪ This thing ♪
♪ Called love ♪
♪ It cries ♪
♪ In a cradle all night ♪
♪ It swings ♪
♪ It jives ♪
♪ It shakes all over
like a jellyfish ♪
♪ I... kinda like it ♪
♪ Crazy little thing
called love ♪
♪ Crazy little thing ♪
♪ Called love ♪
♪ Called love. ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm